Apply Pod 02 W2's feedback (#2)
DareData/nos-lp-foundations: assignments/README.md

## Installing

1. Clone this repo.

> 2. Create a virtual environment with `python -m venv .venv`. If you are using conda, you can create a virtual environment with `conda create --name foundations`.

Reviewer: do we want to have an anaconda option? My feeling is that virtual environments should be required...

Author: Yeah... Anaconda was screwing things up for one of the mentees; at this point, they didn't have the unit on "virtual environments" yet and they are still too green to fully understand how Anaconda was messing with their settings.

The problem was that even if they had python already installed - and even if you make VSCode use that interpreter instead of Anaconda's, Anaconda just overrides their bash profile and runs its own environments.

It's a mess: if you follow the commands directly, Anaconda just creates a venv inside their venv. Suppose you try to deactivate the Anaconda venv. In that case, you either generate another venv inside their "base" venv or you can't find python anymore since Anaconda overrode your PYTHON_PATH when the terminal started.

Me adding Anaconda's commands was a sign of me giving up solving this properly and just trying to unblock the mentee. The mentoring hour would go way beyond the allotted time otherwise.

> 2. Create a virtual environment with `python -m venv .venv`. If you are using conda, you can create a virtual environment with `conda create --name foundations`.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Create a virtual environment with `python -m venv .venv`.
  > **Note for Anaconda users**: We would prefer if you exit the automatic conda environments and tried using the steps above, as they are the canonical Python way of creating virtual environments. However, we realize working that way might be tricky for Anaconda users since Anaconda usually changes the configurations of your machine. If you are having too many problems getting started, then feel free to use the "conda way" of handling environments.  I.e.: create a virtual environment with `conda create --name foundations`.
```

> 3. Activate the virtual environment with `source .venv/bin/activate` or `.venv\Scripts\activate` on Windows. Or, if you are on conda, activate the environment with `conda activate foundations`.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Activate the virtual environment with `source .venv/bin/activate` or `.venv\Scripts\activate` on Windows. 
  > **Note for Anaconda users**: Same as above, if you are having too many problems getting started, then feel free to activate the environment with `conda activate foundations` instead.
```
